Open the Game class and run the program. Click on "Start Game!" 
Look at the Console output in Eclipse. You should see each player and the cards that they have, as well as the cards
inside the envelope. Note the room card in the envelope. Return to the GUI and find a player that is located 
close the room card in the envelope. The character whose turn it is appears on the top right
panel of the GUI in large letters. Continue clicking "Choose not to move" for every character EXCEPT THE CHARACTER
CLOSEST TO THE ROOM IN THE ENVELOPE. Continue moving THIS CHARACTER ONLY until he/she is in the room found in the envelope.
ONCE YOU ARE IN THE ROOM, CLICK "CHOOSE NOT TO MOVE" FOR THIS CHARACTER IN ORDER TO CONTINUE SUGGESTING EACH TURN.

*Explain how to see the name of the next player and the card disproving a suggestion when the next player holds a card 
disproving suggestion:

Look at the cards that each character has (printed in the console). Select a card that the player after the one selected 
above has in his/her hand. Choose any other card. Submit this as your guess and the player and the card disproving 
will appear. E.g., if you had to move Miss Scarlet into the room in the envelope, you should look at the cards
in Colonel Mustard's hand and select one of those cards.

*Explain how to see the name of the player-after-next and the card disproving a suggestion when the next player 
cannot disprove a suggestion, but the player-after-next can:

Repeat the steps above, this time choosing a card that the player-after-next has in his/her hand. You must also NOT choose
any card in the hand of the player after the one making the suggestion.

*Explain how to see the name of the player BEFORE the player making the suggestion and the card disproving a 
suggestion when only they have a card disproving a suggestion:

Repeat the steps above, this time choosing a card that the player prior to the player selected above has in 
his/her hand. Your other guesses should be the card in the envelope.

*Explain how to see that nobody could disprove the suggestion when only the suggesting player can disprove the suggestion:

This time, make a suggestion that includes any card in your hand and the other two cards in the envelope. The player
returned should be the guesser.

*Explain how to see that nobody could disprove the suggestion when nobody can disprove the suggestion.

Make a guess that has the 3 cards in the envelope.